docs(migrate) mention internal changes in migration guide (#3497)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/migrate/5.md

Please open a Pull Request to help the next person using this guide.

## Changes to internals

> The changes to webpack internals like for example: adding types, refactoring code and methods renaming are listed here for anyone interested. But they are not intended as a part of common use-case migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changes to webpack internals such as: adding types, refactoring code and methods renaming are listed here for anyone interested. But they are not intended as a part of common use-case migration.
```

Reviewer: Or `like` can for too

Author: Do we need a comma befire such as? I am not sure what you guys thing?

Reviewer: like and for example seems a bit redundant to me together conveying the same meaning, we can use either of them or something like `such as`.

Author: yes i was saying if we might need to add a comma before `such as`
